.TH CONFCHECK 4 19/03/2001
.SH NAME
confcheck \- Detects and marks confluent tau-summands of a linear process (LPO)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B confcheck
[-invariant
.I 
inv-file\c
] [OPTIONS]

.SH OPTIONS 
.IP \-mark
marks confluent tau-summands as ctau; writes LPO to stdout
.IP \-generate
writes confluence formulae to stdout, without checking them
.IP \-summand\ <n>
checks confluence of n'th summand only (should be a tau)
.IP \-all
doesn't terminate on detection of the first non-confluence
.IP \-silent
suppresses information on stderr
.IP \-print
prints the resulting BDDs (use for small examples only)
.IP \-counter
prints counter-examples to the confluence formulae
.IP \-help
prints a help message

.in 0.75i
Option -generate cannot be used in combination with -mark.
Option -silent is only useful in combination with another option
that generates output, such as -mark, -generate, -print or -counter.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B confcheck
is a tool that checks and reports which tau-summands are confluent
with all other actions (including this tau-summand), possibly assuming that
.I inv-file
contains an invariant property. The invariant should be checked
separately, for instance by invcheck. If the -mark option is given,
each confluent tau-summand is changed into ctau. This is useful for
the
.I instantiator -confluent ctau.
With the -counter and -print options, one gets some diagnostic
information in case a tau-summand is not confluent.  With the -summand
\<n\> and -all options, one can influence the number of considered
cases.  With the -generate flag, the confluence formulas are generated
in the format understood by formcheck. These can then be solved by another
prover.

.SH FILES
.IP inv-file
A file containing a formula, which is a term of type Bool, containing
the LPO parameters as free variables.
.IP stdin
An LPO in tbf-format.
.IP stdout
An LPO in tbf-format, only generated with option -mark.  Or, a list of
declarations and formulae, only generated with option -generate.
.IP stderr
A report on confluent tau-summands; suppressed by -silent

.SH SEE ALSO

prover(4), formcheck(4), invcheck(4)

.SH AUTHOR
Jaco van de Pol <vdpol@cwi.nl>
.LP
Please send all complaints, comments and bug fixes to me. 
