.\"  SVC tools -- the SVC (Systems Validation Centre) tool set
.\"
.\"  Copyright (C) 2000  Stichting Mathematisch Centrum, Amsterdam,
.\"                      The  Netherlands
.\"
.\"  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\"  modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\"  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
.\"  of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.\" $Id: bsim.4,v 1.5 2001/06/14 09:36:16 bertl Exp $
.TH BSIM 1 20/11/2000
.SH NAME
bsim \- reduction of a file in SVC format or
comparison of two files in SVC format.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bsim
[-b][-c][-v][-s][-h][-O][-o 
.I 
outfile\c
] 
.I 
infile [infile2]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bsim
is a tool which reduces or compares files in SVC format (.svc) with respect to
strong or branching bisimilarity. If only \fIinfile\fR is given, then reduction modulo strong
bisimilarity equivalence will be performed, and comparison of \fIinfile\fR with 
\fIinfile2\fR otherwise.

.SH OPTIONS 
.IP \-b
Reduction (comparison) modulo branching bisimilarity equivalence will be 
performed
.IP \-c
Don't overwrite existing files
.IP \-v
Print version number
.IP \-h
List available options
.IP \-o\ \fIoutfile\fR
Write the output to \fIoutfile\fR. The default is 
.I infile.red.svc
.IP \-s
Silent operation: don't print the header information from the input file

.SH FILES
.IP infile.svc
A file in SVC format

.IP infile2.svc
A second file in SVC format, in case of comparing.

.SH AUTHOR
Bert Lisser <bertl@cwi.nl>
.LP
Please send all complaints, comments and bug fixes to me. 
