.\"  SVC -- the SVC (Systems Validation Centre) file format library
.\"
.\"  Copyright (C) 2000  Stichting Mathematisch Centrum, Amsterdam,
.\"                      The  Netherlands
.\"
.\"  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\"  modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\"  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
.\"  of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.\" $Id: svcgetnexttransition.4,v 1.2 2001/01/04 15:26:33 izak Exp $
.TH SVCgetNextTransition 4 15/5/2000
.SH NAME
SVCgetNextTransition \- get a transition from an SVC file

.SH SYNOPSIS

#include <svc.h>

int SVCgetNextTransition(SVCfile 
.I *file, 
SVCstateIndex 
.I *from,
SVClabelIndex
.I *action,
SVCstateIndex
.I *to,
SVCparameterIndex
.I *parameter\c
);

.SH DESCRIPTION

The SVCgetNextTransition() function gets the next transition from 
from 
.I *file.
The origin, destination, label and parameter of this transition are returned
in
.I from,
.I to,
.I action 
and 
.I parameter,
respectively.

.SH RETURN VALUES

The SVCgetNextTransition() function returns 0 if no errors occurred and a value <0
otherwise.

.SH ERRORS

The SVCgetNextTransition() function fails if...

.SH SEE ALSO

SVCputTransition(4)

.SH AUTHOR
Izak van Langevelde <izak@cwi.nl>
.LP
Please send all complaints, comments and bug fixes to the author. 

